postfixEvaluate - 1
  invalid: too small to eval
postfixEvaluate + 1 3 4 -
  invalid: too small to eval
postfixEvaluate + 1 3 -
  invalid: too small to eval
postfixEvaluate +
  invalid: too small to eval
postfixEvaluate + 3 4 - 1
  invalid: too small to eval
postfixEvaluate 4 5 + 6 0 * /
  invalid: div0
postfixEvaluate } 78 97 + 6 / 5 +
  34
postfixToInfix 3 + 3 /
  invalid: too small to convert
postfixToInfix 3 3 4 +
  invalid: not valid postfix string
postfixToInfix *
  invalid: too small to convert
postfixToInfix + 3 3
  invalid: too small to convert
postfixToInfix 3 3
  invalid: not valid postfix string
postfixToInfix five plus three
  invalid: not valid postfix string
postfixToInfix 4.3 2 +
  ( 4.3 + 2 )
postfixToInfix 56 67 34 + - * 1
  invalid: too small to convert
infixToPostfix { { 2 + 4 }
  string syntax error
infixToPostfix 2 + a
  error: false operator
infixToPostfix 3 $ 3
  string syntax error
infixToPostfix 4 * ( 2 + 4 - ( 2 + )  ) - 4 / 5
  error: false operator
infixToPostfix 4 * ( 2 * + 4 - ( 2 + 2 ) ) - 4 / 5
  error: false operator
infixToPostfix ( 3 + 5 - ( 4 + 2 ) }
  string syntax error
infixToPostfix 3 + 4.2
  error: false operator
infixToPostfix -
  error: false operator
infixToPostfix @
  string syntax error
